c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.pdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.apk
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.dll
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.pdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\TaxiApp.Android.apk
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\TaxiApp.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.Login.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.Register.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.OrderPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.AccountPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.PreviousOrders.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.TabbedMain.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.apk
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.Login.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.Register.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.OrderPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.AccountPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.PreviousOrders.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.TabbedMain.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Droid.Logout.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.dll
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\TaxiApp.Android.apk
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\bin\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\TaxiApp.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Nico\Desktop\Computer-Science\GitProjects\TaxiApp\TaxiApp\TaxiApp.Android\obj\Debug\TaxiApp.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
